# Relevant Order 
Enable order banner to show "Open, In Progress, Ready for Pickup/Delivery, and Completed" order.

## Test Basis


* [JUMBOAPP-3616](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-3616) - Enable "Closed" order banner to also show "Open" (editable) order
* [JUMBOAPP-3619](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-3619) - Show "Not ordered yet" banner on My Jumbo
* [JUMBOAPP-3635](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-3635) - Call to action in 'not ordered yet banner'
* [JUMBOAPP-3635](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-3618) - Enable "Closed/Open" order banner to also show "Processing" and "Ready for pick-up/delivery" order
* [JUMBOAPP-3906](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-3906) - Add help / context for "first order" flow Errorhandling- 
* [JUMBOAPP-3657](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-3657) - Gracefully handle waiting/failing variable components in My Jumbo
* [JUMBOAPP-4188](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-4188) - Redesign of the "relevant order" cell
## Notes

* Applies to all logged in B2C, B2B, B2B sub users, except for anonymous user

## Test Ideas

**User has no order history**

- Not ordered yet, banner is shown when user logs i Check the size of the cell, if user never ordered before.
- Yellow truck should be displayed 
- The size of the cell should be bigger when user has never ordered before.
- Banner shows a summary of the USP (Unique Selling Point).
- Start button leads the user to a lister view with a collection of most ordered products 
	* User can add products to SL.
	* User can change the amount of items in lister page.
	* User can order these products successfully.
- At the top of the collection screen a text is displayed telling the user why he is seeing this products and what can be done with them.
- The banner cell should be visually separated from the other ones

***

**Banner is loading**

- Tapping the banner does nothing

***

**User has a new/Open order state**

- Open order closest to the cut-off dateTime of Pickup/Delivery is shown.
- Edit button leads the user to the edit order products/reservation action sheet.
- Pickup/Delivery date/time is shown.
- Pickup/Delivery icon is shown.

***

**User has an In Progress order state (PUP)**

- Open order closest to the slot-start dateTime is shown.
- Pickup order displays barcode button (shows barcode full screen).
- Pickup icon is shown.

***

**User has an In Progress order state (HD)**

- Open order closest to the slot-start dateTime is shown.
- HD order displays cheffron button (directs to order details).
- Delivery icon is shown.

***

**User has a Ready For Pickup order state**

- Open order is past the slot-start dateTime.
- Pickup order displays barcode button (shows barcode full screen).
- Pickup icon is shown.
- Pickup date/time is shown.

***

**User has a Ready For Delivery order state**

- Open order is past the slot-start dateTime.
- Delivery order displays cheffron button (directs to order details).
- Delivery icon is shown.
- Delivery date/time is shown.

***

**User has a Completed order state**

- Shows a summary of the USP (Unique Selling Point).
- Start button leads the user to a lister page with a collection from the last completed order.
- Check the size of the cell, if user has a completed order, the size of the cell should be bigger (same when user has never ordered before)
- The completed order cell should be visually separated from the other ones
***

**ErrorHandling**

For all statuses, when the call fails

- Banner is hidden

***

**User logs in and the call fails**

- Banner isn't shown

***

**Call fails for the second time**

- Banner isn't shown

***

## Bugs

