## FEATURE

Express checkout 

B2C and B2B Regular users with completed orders have an option to order their groceries using the express checkout mode, based on previous closed orders. In summary it gets the information about the PUP used or HD address and the used time slot to easily place the new order. 

***
## Test Basis
* [JUMBOAPP-4150](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-4150) - Action sheet for 1-click slot booking
* [JUMBOAPP-4151](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-4151) - Update time slot screen for 1-click slot booking
* ***

## Test Ideas

All the following test ideas are applicable when user is logged in, has products on his shopping list and wants to continue with the checkout flow:

** When the express checkout action sheet should NOT be displayed:  **

* Users without completed orders;
* Users with reservation;
* Users with open orders;
* If PUP used on last completed order is not available;
* If HD address is not deliverable; 

** When the express checkout action sheet should be displayed:  **

* If user has a completed PUP order, last used PUP is available and last used time slot is also available then he should see the express checkout action sheet based on that order (same PUP, and same time slot) ; 
* If user has a completed PUP order, last used PUP is available but the last used time slot is NOT available then he should see the express checkout action sheet based on that PUP only (same PUP and user should go to select your time slot screen);
* If user has a completed HD order, last used address is still deliverable and last used time slot is available then he should see the express checkout action sheet based on that order (same address, and same time slot); 
* If user has a completed HD order, last used address is still deliverable but the last used time slot is NOT available then he should see the express checkout action sheet based on that delivery address only (same delivery address, then user should go to select your time slot screen);

***

## Other Test Ideas

* The option to place an order using the regular checkout flow should always be displayed in the action sheet. If user selects the regular checkout option then he should be redirected to the first step of the normal checkout flow.
* If user has a completed order and the HD time slot can be fulfilled by multiple stores (multi store selection), the user is asked to select which store they want to use before entering the checkout.
* If user has vague terms on his shopping list, those need to be solved before moving on the checkout flow. 
* If the call to get the express checkout information fails, the standard checkout flow should be used as fallback.
* Enter express checkout with B2B Sub with exeed credit or spendlimit.
* Enter express checkout with B2B Sub after sloth is fully booked. 

## Bugs
No bugs currently found

***

## Observations
* 
***
