## FEATURE
Update Order Preview Page for B2C (part 1 of 3)
****

## Test Basis
<https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-3528>
****

## Test Setup
**SETUP FOR THE TEST: **

- There are 2 general groups of promotions Item Level and Order Level. Each group has different types of promotions. 

**Item level promotions comprise of: **

1. absolute discount (ex. 2x honing 1 euro af) 1 voor 6.99 week1
- setprice discount (ex. 3x siroop en visstick samen 3 euro) -3 halen, 2 betallen -week1
- percentageOff discount (ex. Olijfolie 1+1 gratis)  20% korting -week1
- free gift item (we need to know which product is associated with a free gift item and what conditions apply in order to see it - Check with Ralf) 

**Order level promotions comprise of: **

1. GOGW (Gesture of Good Will) discount (Ralf can generate a set for you on SIT/ACC, it will be in this format GOGW3I95. This was not made available from Jumbo)
- Voucher discount (SIT: Centjes, Centen ACC: 10%korting)
- No shipping fee discount (ensure PUP reservation is within validity period of 'no shipping fee' promotion)
****

## Test Ideas For Order Preview and Edit Order

 
Check the following for both Order Preview and Edit Order:

**A.For B2C: **

Test # | Action  | Payment Method | Promotion Type A | Promotion Type B | Expected Result |
------------ | ------------- | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ |
1 | Place order with  | PIN | 	4 item Level promotions (all of the above) | 3 Order Level promotions (all of the above) | Check that these promotions should be grouped all togetherand the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 2 Totaal fields, (no "incl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows PIN as payment type and has Logo. The place Order button has no icon and the copy says: "Pay and pick up(PUP)/ receive order(HD)" |



***
**B.For B2B Regular: **

**Account: ** B2B+PIN

**Account: ** B2B+INVOICE

**Account: ** B2B+DIRECTDEBIT

Test # | Action  | Payment Method | Promotion Type A | Promotion Type B | Expected Result |
------------ | ------------- | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ |
1 | Place order with  | PIN | 	4 item Level promotions (all of the above) | 3 Order Level promotions (all of the above) | Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows PIN as payment type and has Logo. The place Order button has no icon and the copy says: "Pay and pick up(PUP)/ receive order(HD)"
2 | Place order with  | DIRECTDEBIT (SEPA) | 4 item Level promotions (all of the above)| 3 Order Level promotions (all of the above) | Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has 'excl BTW' text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows DIRECT DEBIT as payment type, NO Logo and appropriate copy. The place Order button has no icon and the copy says: "Bestelling Afronden"
3 | Place order with  | INVOICE | 	4 item Level promotions (all of the above) | 3 Order Level promotions (all of the above) |Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows INVOICE as payment type, NO Logo and appropriate copy. The place Order button has no icon and the copy says: "Bestelling Afronden" 






***
**C.For B2B Sub: **
 
**Account: ** B2BSUB+INVOICE

**Account: ** B2BSUB+DIRECTDEBIT

Test # | Action  | Payment Method | Promotion Type A | Promotion Type B | Expected Result | 
------------ | ------------- | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ |
1 | Place order with  | DIRECTDEBIT (SEPA) | 4 item Level promotions (all of the above) | 3 Order Level promotions (all of the above) | Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows DIRECT DEBIT as payment type(automatische incasso), NO Logo and appropriate copy. The place Order button has no icon and the copy says: "Bestelling Afronden"
2 | Place order with  | INVOICE | 4 item Level promotions (all of the above)| 3 Order Level promotions (all of the above) | Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows INVOICE as payment type(op rekening), NO Logo and appropriate copy. The place Order button has no icon and the copy says: "Bestelling Afronden"


## Bugs
- (iOS) Currently the B2B Sub users can select PUP orders. This is because of another bug that does not store the user type on the frontend. This is being fixed as part of the slot booking flow story. After it is done and merged into develop, it will be pulled for this story.
****

## Notes
**Note 1: **

- The idea behind the tests is to check the Order Preview page in combination to the different Promotion types and Order Levels along with the different payment types. For the purpose of this test we will not check the different promotion types and Order Levels, we will only focus on the general functionality of the feature. The combinations of Promotion types and Order levels is not part of the testing scope. 

**Note 2: **
 
- We will implicitly test the individual promotions by adding all of them in our tests.
(was estimated for 8 points. Was finished on Week 2)

****