## FEATURE
Update Order Details for B2B Regular (part 3 of 3)
*** 

## Test Basis
<https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-3534>

*** 
## Test Setup


**THE SET UP FOR CHECKING THE STATUS **

**PQ1: **First check if there are existing orders with different types on the given account:

- Open,
- Completed,
- Cancelled,
- Ready for Pickup,
- Ready for delivery,
- In Progress

**Other accounts:** Use the following test account with the orders in various states:
Waldo used the following account with the orders in various states (incl. completed orders): 
- username: pricebreakdown@mailinator.com
- password: qwerty
- Env: SIT

 
**We (might) need to know:**

- which products are available in backOffice so as to ensure they can be picked (for promotions). 
- which store/slot is available to process PUP/HD orders successfully. (They have specific stores/slot for these)

*** 

## Test Ideas For Order Details


Check the following:


**For B2B Regular: **

**Account: ** bb+B2B@bb.bb

**Account: ** bb+B2B+INVOICE@bb.bb

**Account: ** bb+B2B+DIRECTDEBIT@bb.bb

Test # | Action | Payment Method | Order Status | Expected Result 1(StateA) | Change Status to | Expected Result 1(StateB)|
------------ | ------------- | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ |------------ |
1 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | PIN | OPEN | Check that theseromotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows PIN as payment type and has Logo. Status is OPEN and order can be modified. |In Progress (mock w Charles proxy) | Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order.Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows PIN as payment type and has Logo. Status is  In Progress and order can NOT be modified.|
2 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | PIN | Ready for Pick up(mock w Charles proxy)| Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows PIN as payment type and has Logo. Status is Ready for Pick up and order can NOT be modified.| | |
3 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | PIN | Completed(Ask Nick or Rosa to contact Ralf) or mock w Charles proxy)|Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields,(2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs,promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows PIN as payment type and has Logo.Status is Completed and order can NOT be modified. | |THIS TEST CAN ONLY BE MOCKED - CDM WAS NOT IN PLACE FOR THIS TEST |
4 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | PIN | Cancelled | Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows NO payment type and has Logo. Status is Cancelled and order can NOT be modified. | | |
5 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | DIRECTDEBIT(Sepa)| OPEN |Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows DIRECT DEBIT as payment type and has NO Logo, only text. Status is OPEN and order can be modified.|In Progress (mock w Charles proxy)|Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order.Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields,(2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs,promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows DIRECT DEBIT as payment type and has NO Logo, only text.Status is In Progress and order can NOT be modified.|
6 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | DIRECTDEBIT(Sepa) | Ready for Delivery(mock w Charles proxy)|Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows DIRECT DEBIT as payment type and has NO Logo, only text. Status is Ready for delivery and order can NOT be modified.| | |
7 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | DIRECTDEBIT(Sepa) | Completed (Ask Nick or Rosa to contact Ralfor mock w Charles proxy)|Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows DIRECT DEBIT as payment type and has NO Logo, only text. Status is Completed and order can NOT be modified. | |THIS TEST CAN ONLY BE MOCKED - CDM WAS NOT IN PLACE FOR THIS TEST |
8 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | DIRECTDEBIT(Sepa) | Cancelled |Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows NO payment type and has NO Logo, only text. Status is Cancelled and order can NOT be modified. | | |
9 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | INVOICE | OPEN |Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows INVOICE as payment type and has NO Logo, only text.Status is OPEN and order can be modified.|In Progress(mock wCharles proxy)|Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows INVOICE as payment type and has NO Logo, only text. Status is In Progress and order can NOT be modified.|
10 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | INVOICE | Ready for Pick up (mock w Charles proxy)|Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows INVOICE as payment type and has NO Logo, only text. Status is Ready for Pick up and order can NOT be modified. | | |
11 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | INVOICE | Completed(Ask Nick or Rosa to contact Ralf or mock w Charles proxy)|Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows INVOICE as payment type and has NO Logo, only text. Status is Completed and order can NOT be modified.| |THIS TEST CAN ONLY BE MOCKED - CDM WAS NOT IN PLACE FOR THIS TEST |
12 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | INVOICE | Cancelled|Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows NO payment type and has NO Logo, only text. Status is Cancelled and order can NOT be modified.| | |
13 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | ONETIMEDIRECTDEBIT | OPEN |Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows ONETIMEDIRECTDEBIT as payment type and has NO Logo, only text.Status is OPEN and order can be modified.|In Progress(mock wCharles proxy)|Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows ONETIMEDIRECTDEBIT as payment type and has NO Logo, only text. Status is In Progress and order can NOT be modified.|
14 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | ONETIMEDIRECTDEBIT | Ready for Pick up (mock w Charles proxy)|Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows INVOICE as payment type and has NO Logo, only text. Status is Ready for Pick up and order can NOT be modified. | | |
15 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | ONETIMEDIRECTDEBIT | Completed(Ask Nick or Rosa to contact Ralf or mock w Charles proxy)|Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows ONETIMEDIRECTDEBIT as payment type and has NO Logo, only text. Status is Completed and order can NOT be modified.| |THIS TEST CAN ONLY BE MOCKED - CDM WAS NOT IN PLACE FOR THIS TEST |
16 | Check OPEN Order with 2 Promotions and 2 Products | ONETIMEDIRECTDEBIT | Cancelled|Check that these promotions should be grouped all together and the discount is shown and applied to the order. Check that there is 1 Subtotaal field, 3 Totaal fields, (2nd has "excl BTW" text), BTW prices has euro signs, promotions are shown with negative signs (e.g.-19) shows NO payment type and has NO Logo, only text. Status is Cancelled and order can NOT be modified.| | |

***

**FOR INTEGRATION (LATER):**

You will also have to create the following orders:

- order1: order with only products, no item level or order level promotions in place.
- order2: order with 2 products and item level promotions only.
- order3: order with 2 products and order level promotions only.
- order4: order with 2 products and both item level and order level promotions.
- order5: order with 2 products, both item level and order level promotions and deposit in place.
- order6: as order5, but then cancel it afterwards to see the cancelled state.
***

## Bugs
-  (iOS) Cancel Order button should be of the new design(white and not red) (FIXED)
- (iOS) Barcode is in the middle of the page (should be on the left)  (FIXED)

***
## Notes


**Reference: **
Promotions Test Strategy (end-to-end) <https://icemobile.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=29196797>

**Notes: ** (was estimated for 8 points. Was finished on Week 2)

***

