## FEATURE
Update an open order
***
## Test Basis
* [JUMBOAPP-3531](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-3531) - B2B Sub users' slot booking flow
* [JUMBOAPP-4349](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-4349) - Free Gift - Don't pass on sample products to the app
* [JUMBOAPP-4350](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-4350) - Free Gift - Don't pass on free gift products to the Mobile API
* [JUMBOAPP-4353](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-4353) - Project Cut-off - Show 'Select Cut Off Time' option on order detail screen
* [JUMBOAPP-4360](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-4360) - Project Cut-off - Create 'Select Cut Off Time' screen
***
## Test Setup
***

## Test Ideas For Edit Order

*** 

Check that B2B Sub User **bb7+B2BSUB@bb.bb** with an address that can be delivered by 1 store. (**5233AN 21**) (Goes directly to slots for HD.)

***

* Check that B2B Sub User  **bb8+B2BSUB@bb.bb** or **bb4+B2BSUB@bb.bb** with an address that can be delivered by 2 or more stores. (**3901AT 70  or 3903 LA 1 (SIT)**)  (Goes directly to slots for HD.)
	* The user is presented with multiple choices.
* Check that B2C user **bb+B2C@bb.bb** can edit an order with the regular HD flow.
* Check that B2C user **bb+B2C@bb.bb** can edit an order with the regular PUP flow.
* Check that B2B Regular user **bb+B2B@bb.bb** can edit an order with the regular HD flow.
* Check that B2B Regular user **bb+B2B@bb.bb** can edit an order with the regular PUP flow.
* Update an order and add a product that triggers a sample product - check if the sample is displayed in order details screen and if is NOT displayed at the order update screen (Wijzig je bestelling) . 
* Update an order and add a product that triggers a free gift product - check if the free gift is displayed in order details screen and if is NOT displayed at the order update screen (Wijzig je bestelling).
* Check the early cut off cell in all 3 states (applied, not applied, not applicable)
* For an order where early cut off does not apply change the pup so early cut off applies and vice versa
* For an order with early cut off applied, remove the early cut off, and vice versa 
* Check the early cut off page in both states (preselected optieon, price, discount, cut off time, etc.) 
* For an order with early cut off applied, change the slot or store to something else. Try multiple options. (Early cut off is removed)

**For integration later:**

Perform the above scenarios for Logistics Flow (no Products in the SL)
Also check for existing booked slot. (with Products in the SL)

***

## Bugs
No bugs currently found

***

## Notes
* For B2C and B2B Regular users all of the above scenarios apply except for case 4 (homestore is one of the multiple stores for the user)
* Check all the entry point for edit open order (order history, order details,relevant order cell, SL)
* Check the current active Sample and Free Gifts campaign:
	* On SIT there is an active campaign - if you order the product 74004PAK - Campina Melk, a Knorr Visbouillon 6 Tabletten 60g is triggered as SAMPLE 
	* On SIT there is an active campaign - if you order the product 74004PAK - Campina Melk, a - 7UP 0,5 Liter is triggered as FREE GIFT 
	* On SIT there is an active campaign - if you order more than €25 in products, Tomato Salce is added as a free gift
***
