## Test Basis
* [JUMBOAPP-3554](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-3554) - Allow login in onboarding
* [JUMBOAPP-3947](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/browse/JUMBOAPP-3947) - Improve the 'Kies je winkel' flow

## Test Ideas
For Android test everything also without keeping activities


- Check if redesigned onBoarding screens are displayed correctly 
- Check if Login, Registration B2C and Registration B2B work
- Check if logging out takes you to logged out state (on boarding should be displayed only once per user) 

Login with **existing B2C** user

* User should be logged in successfully (home store already set)
* Push message question triggered ( if settings were not enabled before)

***	

Login with **existing B2B Regular** user

* User should be logged in successfully (home store already set)
* Push message question triggered ( if settings were not enabled before)

***	

Login with **existing B2B Sub** user

* User logged in successfully (home store already set by Master)
* Push message question triggered ( if settings were not enabled before)


***
	
Login with **existing B2B Master** user

* User should not be able to login.
* Push message question triggered ( if settings were not enabled before)

***
	
Kill the app during onboarding

* app should be reset.

***	

Login with **homeless** user

* Push notification page should appear
* Following notification, user should go through HS selection flow

***	

Check flow with skipping the login page selecting 'overslaan' 

* User should go through HS selection flow

***	

Home store selection

The ideas bellow should be checked on the *Home Store Selection/ Kies Je Winkel* screen

* On iOS 7+ and Android 6.0+ the request to use the location should only be triggered if the user taps the location arrow button. Test both options on the dialog 
* On android devices bellow 6.0 the request to use location is placed when the app is installed, so if the user denies or removes it,  a message is shown bellow the search field informing the location is disabled followed by instructions of how to turn it on.
* User can search for stores ordered by proximity to an address or zip-code.
* All available stores should be shown, ordered by proximity and the distance to the stores should also be displayed in KM or meters in case it is smaller than 1km.
* If user doesn't allow the app to use his location then a message should be shown bellow the location field and the ‘Use my location button’ is disabled. 
* If the user taps the arrow to have his location used, either in the start screen or the results one, and the location could not be retrieved, a message is displayed informing him so. In this case he can proceed using the	search field. 
* If user starts to move and change his location, the list of results is not updated automatically, user needs to tap the location button again to refresh the list of stores.
* Check the kies je winkel flow on an Android device with don't keep activities ON. 
* Deny access to location when requested and check if the message about how to enabled it is displayed bellow the text field.
* Try to use the GPS location from a covered place, where the GPS position can not be retrieved and check if the alert message recommending to use the search field is displayed.
* Put the device on flight mode, tap the location button and check if an error message of no connection is shown
* Check if going back one screen before kies je winkel works.
* Search for an address, put the app in background and check if the screen is displayed correctly when you're back
* Use your location to list stores, put the app in background, using android studio kill the activity, reopen the app and search again, the same list should be displayed if the location didn't change. 
* If the request to get the list of stores fail, an error message and the button to try again should be displayed.
* Check the no results state
* Check both the cell and the button to select a store

***

## Notes

- List of valid test accounts can be found at: 
	- ACC - [https://icemobile.atlassian.net/wiki/display/JUM/Test+Accounts+-+SIT](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/wiki/display/JUM/Test+Accounts+-+ACC)
	- SIT - [https://icemobile.atlassian.net/wiki/display/JUM/Test+Accounts+-+ACC](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/wiki/display/JUM/Test+Accounts+-+ACC)	
	- Homeless - [Homeless](https://icemobile.atlassian.net/wiki/display/JUM/Homeless+users%2C+Collections%2C+Multipack%2C+Service+Code%2C+Allergents)

	
##Bugs

### Android

###iOS	
