#Shopping List Module (Regression)

##Test Basis
- For the barcode scanner, use only EAN codes.
- Ask for Unavailable products from the Jumbo team in Den Bosch.
- Ask for different promotional products from the Jumbo team in Den Bosch. ***

## Test setup

N/A
***

##Test Ideas

###Product List

- Add a product to the SL from the Product List. Check the individual and total price in the SL.
- Change the quantity from the Product List. Check the individual and total price in the SL.
- Remove a product from the Shopping List. Check the individual and total price in the SL.

###Product Details

- Add a product to the SL from the Product Details. Check the individual and total price in the SL.
- Change the quantity from the Product Details. Check the individual and total price in the SL.
- Remove a product from the Shopping Details. Check the individual and total price in the SL.


###Shopping List Interactions
- Add a product to the SL from the SL (From empty state and with products on the list)
- Change the quantity of a product(s) on the SL. Check the individual and total price in the SL.
- Remove a product(s) from the Shopping List. Check the individual and total price in the SL.
- Change the unit of a product(s) from one to the other while on the SL. Check the individual and total price in the SL.

###Recipe Details

- Add a product/ingredient to the SL from the Recipe Details. Check the individual and total price in the SL.
- Deselect a product/ingredient to the SL from the Recipe Details

###Unavailable Products

- Identify Unavailable products on the SL (no price tag, appropriate tag)
- Replace Unavailable products with other available products 

###Promotion Interactions
- Add a weekly promotion to the SL. Product should have a badge on the SL.
- Add a yearly promotion to the SL. Product should have a badge on the SL.
- Add a no shipping cost promotion to the SL. Product should have a No Shipping Cost badge on the SL.
- Add a percentage promotion to the SL. Product should have a badge on the SL and the price should be adjusted accordingly to reflect the discount.
- Add 2 items with a 2 for 1 promotion to the SL. Product should not have a badge on the SL.
- Add 3 items with a 2 for 1 promotion to the SL. Product should have a badge on the SL and the price should be adjusted accordingly to reflect the discount.

###Vague terms/Autocomplete

- Start typing a term in the Boodschapppen Toevoegen field and see appropriate autocomplete suggestions appear:
<br> - Dismiss the autocomplete suggestions by tapping the Done button on keyboard, the vague term is added to SL.

- Start typing a term in the Boodschapppen Toevoegen field and see appropriate autocomplete suggestions appear:
<br> - Select some of these terms, a search results with products and filter functionality page is shown. Add some SKU's to SL.

- Start typing a term in the Boodschapppen Toevoegen field and see appropriate autocomplete suggestions appear:
<br> - Select some of these terms, a search results with products and filter functionality page is shown. Choose to add SKU later by adding the vague term.
- Remove some of these vague terms and see them get removed from the SL.
	
		- In case the user decides to convert a vague term later (after adding it to the list), then the explicit action to add the vague term to the list is not shown
	

###Autocomplete
- Check the autocomplete (enter a term and watch the suggestions appear).
- Enter a term (e.g. appeltart) and select it to add it to the shopping list. Type again the same term and notice that it appears first in your suggestions.

###Quantity Indicator
- Add products and check the quantity indicator change accordingly.
- Remove products and check the quantity indicator change accordingly.
- Go to another module and check that the quantity indicator is still valid.
- Change the unit to kgs and check the quantity indicator change accordingly.


###Open orders
* Test adding to open order from shopping list (Both one open order and multiple)
* Enter checkout without using the available open order

###Barcode scanner

- Click to open the Barcode scanner
- EAN codes can be scanned
- Valid codes can be added to shopping list
- Invalid codes can be scanned and an error copy should be displayed
- Unavailable products can be scanned and the unavailable badge should be displayed
- Out of Assortment can be scanned and the Out of Assortment badge should be displayed
- Barcodes scanned can be deleted 
- A product can be rescanned after being deleted
- Try to scan and rescan an unavailable product
- Try to delete an unavailable product
- Try to scan a different type of code (e.g. QR Code)
- Swipe to delete 
- Rescan the same barcode after 5 seconds
- check the message feedback while scanning

###Other
* Test max amount of lines on shopping list (250)
* Test open orders and time slot reservations (Reservation takes precedence over open orders)
* Test open orders and time slot reservations action sheet

***
## Bugs 

N/A
***
## Observations
*** Add in store list test to this charter***


***

